{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red173\green176\blue178;\red0\green0\blue0;\red120\green129\blue140;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c73333\c74510\c74902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c54510\c58039\c61961;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14120\viewh15960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 drop the following columns\
destroy_list = [cage_code, consolidated_contract_code, contract_bundling_code, contract_financing_code, country_of_product_or_service_origin_code, dod_acquisition_program_code, funding_sub_agency_code, object_classes_funding_this_award, primary_place_of_performance_country_code, purchase_card_as_payment_method_code, recipient_parent_uei, recipient_uei, recovered_materials_sustainability_code, women_owned_small_business]\
\
df_removed_poor_distros = select(df_filled_missings, Not(destroy_list)\
\
fix the following columns based on context\
1. commercial_item_acquisition_procedures_code - change groups to D, A, and C/E/B (other)
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2. dod_claimant_program_code -  change unknown to c9E\
\
3. domestic_or_foreign_entity_code - change groups to A/B (domestic)  and C/D/O (foreign) \
\
4. epa_designated_product_code - change to boolean - E and all other values (Other)\
\
\
6.  foreign_funding  - change to boolean - X(non-foreign) and everything else (foreign)\
\
7. information_technology_commercial_item_category_code - change groups to Z, A/B/E (), D/F/C/Unknown (Other)\
\
8. inherently_governmental_functions - change groups to OT, CL/CT/CL,CT (Critical) and Unknown\
\
\
13. place_of_manufacture_code - change groups to to C, D, and Other (roll up all other categories)\
\cf3 \
14. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
solicitation_to_start_date - clamp to 0 (any values <0 should be set to 0)\
\
15. potential_length_of_performance - imputate negative values with median\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17. subcontracting_plan_code - change groups to C/D/E (plan), A/B (no plan), F, H, G, Unknown\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - cut number of offers received at 98th percentile\
- convert number of actions to be integer\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
16. product_or_service_code we gotta group before we group - ask chat to help you with this\
\
\
\
18. type_of_contract_pricing_code: see merging file\
\
19. type_of_set_aside_code: see merging file\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 11. change parent_award_agency_id: merge 4732, 4730, and 4735 to 4732.  ask chat for more help with groups that are left\
\
- drop other_than_full_and_open_competition_code because too granular for my sake right now \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
9. organizational_type - change put international org into other category\
\
5. extent_competed_code: replace Es with Bs. Competed under sap is F so if you wanted to do only sap programs and see how the data changes / if it\'92s as accurate, then this is the column to see i guess.\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}